README.md, before:

# 3308-Project-Team_1
- Project title (must be something representing your project) <br>
- Team 1<br>
- Team Name: The Bash-ful Scripting Squad<br>
- Product Name: Recipe Holder<br>
- Team members: list the name, git username, and email for each member.<br>
> Linnea Fritz-Watson, linneacfw, lifr9411@colorado.edu <br>
> Spencer Oram, spencer2435 Spencer.Oram@colorado.edu <br>
> Brooke Neupert, BrookeNeupert, brne5817@colorado.edu <br>
> Anthony Le, anthole95, Anthony.Le@colorado.edu  <br>
> Rebecca Toland, rtoland, reto6656@colorado.edu     <br>

- Day/Time/TimeZone for the scheduled team weekly meeting (30 minutes via Zoom) Sunday's @ 3pm <br> 
- Vision statement: what would you tell potential customers???? <br>
- Motivation: why are you working on this project???? <br>
- Risks to project completion, possibly including:??? <br>
new language or working environment<br>
no prior experience working with these team members <br>
lack of some needed resources<br>
- Mitigation Strategy for above risks??? <br>
- Development method: scrum, kanban, waterfall: with specifics!??? <br>
- Project Tracking Software link (Trello is most common)??? <br>
[Make sure to add access for the instructor(s)]<br>

Commit message:

updated Motivation, Mitigation, Meeting Time, and Project Tracking Software

README.md, after:

# 3308-Project-Team_1
- Project title (must be something representing your project) <br>
- Team 1<br>
- Team Name: The Bash-ful Scripting Squad<br>
- Product Name: ???<br>
- Team members: list the name, git username, and email for each member.<br>
> Linnea Fritz-Watson, linneacfw, lifr9411@colorado.edu <br>
> Spencer Oram, spencer2435 Spencer.Oram@colorado.edu <br>
> Brooke Neupert, BrookeNeupert, brne5817@colorado.edu <br>
> Anthony Le, anthole95, Anthony.Le@colorado.edu  <br>
> Rebecca Toland, rtoland, reto6656@colorado.edu     <br>

- Day/Time/TimeZone for the scheduled team weekly meeting (30 minutes via Zoom)??? <br> 
> Meetings held on Sundays at 3:00 PM MT <br>
> * *depending on team member commitments and unexpected availability into each sprint week, weekly meetings may be held on a different day than scheduled*<br>
- Vision statement: what would you tell potential customers???? <br>
- Motivation: why are you working on this project: <br>
> To build a new understanding and appreciation of the software dev cycle <br>
> To learn how to implement algorithms and database functionality to create a workign deliverable <br>
> To build an app that the whole team is proud of <br>
- Risks to project completion, possibly including: <br>
> New language or working environment<br>
> No prior experience working with these team members <br>
> Lack of some needed resources<br>
- Mitigation Strategy for above risks: <br>
> Establishing effective and transparent communication guidelines <br>
> Providing assistance on unfamiliar concepts or providing links towards resources; generate a collaborative resource doc members can access
> Schedule additional check-ins and/or stand-ups as needed to help ensure everyone is on track or to see what areas a team member needs assistance on
- Development method: scrum, kanban, waterfall: with specifics!??? <br>
- Project Tracking Software link (Trello is most common)??? <br>
> https://trello.com/b/EIXK6cRo/recipe-holder-3308?utm_source=eval-email&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=board-invite <br>

[Make sure to add access for the instructor(s)]<br>
