WEEKLY_STATUS.md, before:

# 3308-Project-Team_1
### Project Name: RecipeVault
### Team Members: 
> Linnea Fritz-Watson <br>
> Anthony Le <br>
> Brooke Neupert <br>
> Spencer Oram <br>
> Rebecca Toland <br>

# Date: October 2nd - 8th

### Trello Weekly Screenshot
<img width="1785" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-10 at 10 54 03 AM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/118e5870-8b10-4321-a9b7-0810c1d1c899">

### Google Doc Screenshot
<img width="483" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-11 at 4 07 49 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/04c1a135-8d71-4f47-b820-af00ac76d07d">
<img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-11 at 4 07 56 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/50ff9b98-ee28-4a1d-afdf-4f1c287f40f6">

#### Weekly Status Doc Template
<img width="663" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-11 at 4 08 15 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/f56bef64-42c9-4f12-96d9-559ad7a415d8">

#### Scope & Outline Doc Template
<img width="686" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-11 at 4 08 35 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/90e46f29-46fc-4958-9f26-8d9c05be04e5">

> We will be discussing this in our next Standup Meeting.




### Other notes from this week:
> Linnea conducted research on the project's layout and timeline. Additionally, she as organized and documented tasks within Trello. <br>
> Anthony formulated the user stories and integrated them into our repository. <br>
> Brooke is actively researching the UX/UI while exploring various database options. <br>
> Spencer has begun the SQL journey which includes working with the platform. He has also researched database options for the project.<br>
> Rebecca has contributed on the projects organizational aspect by incorporating the weekly standup meeting and milestone due dates into Trello. <br>
> Linnea and Rebecca met this week to go consolidate the Google Doc for next week's Standup / timeline of the project.

### Plans for next meeting:
> Go over the timeline of the project and start assigning different roles.

# Date: October 9th - 15th

### Trello Screenshot
<img width="1779" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-19 at 7 00 23 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/bef8825b-5b67-4968-8398-d029535c0d9e">

### Milestone 4 Testing Google Doc
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 53 48 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/1a86dc4e-2a11-4d82-bb02-bcd23a49cd85)
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 54 01 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/05773a89-db5a-4496-86d0-55a996e03c4a)

### Notes from this week:
> Linnea and Rebecca met to drill down the task list and created documents for the team organization.<br>
> Anthony looked into flask exploring the back-end of the project<br>
> Each team member choose what page they will work on for milestone 4. <br>

# Date: October 16th - 22nd
<img width="1779" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-19 at 7 00 23 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/a90f2bd4-d572-4253-99b1-805c58c852d5">

## Tasks page 
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 45 57 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/04fe8461-a706-4495-9c10-ead4e45d1ed8)

## Notes from this week:
> Linnea created the rough draft of the pages for milestone 4<br>
> Anthony created the MD file for milestone 4 and pushed to the repository<br>

# Date: October 23nd - 29th

## Notes from this week:
> All members finshed their wireframes for milestone 4.<br>
>   Including: the preference page, login page, vault page, search page, recipe page, error page, and home page.<br>
> All members went over their pages, explaining what we all needed and if we wanted to implement the features. <br>
 
# Date: October 30th - November 5th
### Trello Screenshot
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 30 49 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/a8542c1e-fc5b-43d8-a6fb-063ca4c21498)

### Dummy Tables by Linnea and Spencer
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 55 11 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/67d2d26e-c643-42ef-9202-b20ede94d1c4)

### HTML Research by Brooke
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 55 58 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/37f1aca8-729e-4aca-b6c2-d88757b82114)
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 56 05 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/d54f0666-b762-49cf-8237-4e47e2faad0d)
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 56 28 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/57cfa872-d309-4d6b-b565-5763dc62c40e)

### Other Notes:
> We have decided to only pull from one database "https://spoonacular.com/food-api/docs#Get-Recipe-Information"<br>
> Linnea, Spencer, and Anthony will be meeting next week to work on the back-end items.<br>
> Brooke and Rebecca will be meeting next week to discuss front-end items.<br>
> All members will be looking into milestone 5.<br>
> Added front-end and back-end channels to our discord channel.<br> 

# Date: November 6th - November 12th

# Date: November 13th - November 19th

# Date: November 20th - November 26th

>Fall Break!

# Date: November 27th - December 3rd

# Date: December 4th - December 10th

# Date: December 11th - December 17th

Commit message:

added additional summaries of each week up til 11/27

WEEKLY_STATUS.md, after:

# 3308-Project-Team_1
### Project Name: RecipeVault
### Team Members: 
> Linnea Fritz-Watson <br>
> Anthony Le <br>
> Brooke Neupert <br>
> Spencer Oram <br>
> Rebecca Toland <br>

# Date: October 2nd - 8th

### Trello Weekly Screenshot
<img width="1785" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-10 at 10 54 03 AM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/118e5870-8b10-4321-a9b7-0810c1d1c899">

### Google Doc Screenshot
<img width="483" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-11 at 4 07 49 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/04c1a135-8d71-4f47-b820-af00ac76d07d">
<img width="500" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-11 at 4 07 56 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/50ff9b98-ee28-4a1d-afdf-4f1c287f40f6">

#### Weekly Status Doc Template
<img width="663" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-11 at 4 08 15 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/f56bef64-42c9-4f12-96d9-559ad7a415d8">

#### Scope & Outline Doc Template
<img width="686" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-11 at 4 08 35 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/90e46f29-46fc-4958-9f26-8d9c05be04e5">

> We will be discussing this in our next Standup Meeting.




### Other notes from this week:
> Linnea conducted research on the project's layout and timeline. Additionally, she as organized and documented tasks within Trello. <br>
> Anthony formulated the user stories and integrated them into our repository. <br>
> Brooke is actively researching the UX/UI while exploring various database options. <br>
> Spencer has begun the SQL journey which includes working with the platform. He has also researched database options for the project.<br>
> Rebecca has contributed on the projects organizational aspect by incorporating the weekly standup meeting and milestone due dates into Trello. <br>
> Linnea and Rebecca met this week to go consolidate the Google Doc for next week's Standup / timeline of the project.

### Plans for next meeting:
> Go over the timeline of the project and start assigning different roles.

# Date: October 9th - 15th

### Trello Screenshot
<img width="1779" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-19 at 7 00 23 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/bef8825b-5b67-4968-8398-d029535c0d9e">

### Milestone 4 Testing Google Doc
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 53 48 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/1a86dc4e-2a11-4d82-bb02-bcd23a49cd85)
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 54 01 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/05773a89-db5a-4496-86d0-55a996e03c4a)

### Notes from this week:
> Linnea and Rebecca met to drill down the task list and created documents for the team organization.<br>
> Anthony looked into flask exploring the back-end of the project<br>
> Each team member choose what page they will work on for milestone 4. <br>

# Date: October 16th - 22nd
<img width="1779" alt="Screenshot 2023-10-19 at 7 00 23 PM" src="https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/a90f2bd4-d572-4253-99b1-805c58c852d5">

## Tasks page 
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 45 57 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/04fe8461-a706-4495-9c10-ead4e45d1ed8)

## Notes from this week:
> Linnea created the rough draft of the pages for milestone 4<br>
> Anthony created the MD file for milestone 4 and pushed to the repository<br>

# Date: October 23nd - 29th

## Notes from this week:
> All members finshed their wireframes for milestone 4.<br>
>   Including: the preference page, login page, vault page, search page, recipe page, error page, and home page.<br>
> All members went over their pages, explaining what we all needed and if we wanted to implement the features. <br>
 
# Date: October 30th - November 5th
### Trello Screenshot
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 30 49 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/a8542c1e-fc5b-43d8-a6fb-063ca4c21498)

### Dummy Tables by Linnea and Spencer
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 55 11 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/67d2d26e-c643-42ef-9202-b20ede94d1c4)

### HTML Research by Brooke
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 55 58 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/37f1aca8-729e-4aca-b6c2-d88757b82114)
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 56 05 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/d54f0666-b762-49cf-8237-4e47e2faad0d)
![Screenshot 2023-11-05 at 3 56 28 PM](https://github.com/Team1-3308-Fall2023/3308-Project-Team_1/assets/97182468/57cfa872-d309-4d6b-b565-5763dc62c40e)

### Other Notes:
> We have decided to only pull from one database "https://spoonacular.com/food-api/docs#Get-Recipe-Information"<br>
> Linnea, Spencer, and Anthony will be meeting next week to work on the back-end items.<br>
> Brooke and Rebecca will be meeting next week to discuss front-end items.<br>
> All members will be looking into milestone 5.<br>
> Added front-end and back-end channels to our discord channel.<br> 

# Date: November 6th - November 12th

### Notes from this week:
> Linnea, Spencer, and Anthony met to discuss back-end items and start designing database tables
> Team will continue refining database schemas and creating simple tables for utilization in testing of app
> Rebecca and Brooke met to discuss front-end items and start assigning different html pages to be designed and implemented
> html for home page is started, pushed folders (static, css, etc.) to our repo that will contain files related to the front-end

# Date: November 13th - November 19th

### Notes from this week:
> Solidified tables (how many tables we'll need, what attributes they will contain, etc.)
> Assigned table descriptions to be written for milestone 5
> Continued research and work put in to solidifying layout and flow of html pages and necessary css styling needs

# Date: November 20th - November 26th

> Fall Break! Team taking time to rest and recharge before tackling the rest of the project and semester.

# Date: November 27th - December 3rd

### Notes from this week:
> home_page.html, search_page.html, and vault_page.html files created and pushed to project repo along with other images, css, and javescript files needed for those pages
> Continued efforts into finishing writing and designing of tables in database
> Preliminary research started with writing functions to help access database and fetch/search/save various recipes of interest for a user

# Date: December 4th - December 10th

# Date: December 11th - December 17th
